{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria Math;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22000}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs24\lang9\par
TENSORFLOW:\par
TensorFlow is an end-to-end open source platform for machine learning. TensorFlow is a rich system for managing all aspects of a machine learning system; however, this class focuses on using a particular TensorFlow API to develop and train machine learning models. \par
TensorFlow APIs are arranged hierarchically, with the high-level APIs built on the low-level APIs.In short it collects Data, it prepares Data, it trains a model and it evaluates the model.\par
Methods:\par
1.Tensorflow log() method\par
The module tensorflow.math provides support for many basic mathematical operations. Function tf.log() [alias tf.math.log] provides support for the natural logarithmic function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in form of complex numbers as $a+bi$   or floating point numbers. \par
Syntax: tf.log(x, name=None) or tf.math.log(x, name=None)\par
2.Tensorflow nn.tanh() method\par
The module tensorflow.nn provides support for many basic neural network operations.One of the many activation functions is the hyperbolic tangent function (also known as tanh) which is defined as tanh(x) = (e^z - e^\{-z\}) / (e^z + e^\{-z\}) .\par
Syntax: tf.nn.tanh(x, name=None) or tf.tanh(x, name=None)\par
3.Tensorflow exp() method\par
Function tf.exp() [alias tf.math.exp] provides support for the exponential function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in form of complex numbers as $a+bi$  or floating point numbers. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, an element-wise exponential value is computed, y=e^x.\par
Syntax: tf.exp(x, name=None) or tf.math.exp(x, name=None)\par
4.Tensorflow cosh() method\par
Function tf.cosh() [alias tf.math.cosh] provides support for the hyperbolic cosine function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in radian form. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, element-wise hyperbolic cosine is computed.\par
Syntax: tf.cosh(x, name=None) or tf.math.cosh(x, name=None)\par
5.Tensorflow tan() method\par
Function tf.tan() [alias tf.math.tan] provides support for the tangent function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in radian form. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, element-wise tangent is computed.\par
Syntax: tf.tan(x, name=None) or tf.math.tan(x, name=None)\par
6.Tensorflow acos() method\par
Function tf.acos() [alias tf.math.acos] provides support for the inverse cosine function in Tensorflow. It expects the input to be in the range [-1, 1] and gives the output in radian form. It returns nan if the input does not lie in the range [-1, 1]. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, element-wise inverse cosine is computed.\par
Syntax: tf.acos(x, name=None) or tf.math.acos(x, name=None)\par
7.Tensorflow atan() method\par
Function tf.atan() [alias tf.math.atan] provides support for the inverse tangent function in Tensorflow. It gives the output in radian form. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, element-wise inverse tangent is computed.\par
Syntax: tf.atan(x, name=None) or tf.math.atan(x, name=None)\par
8. Tensorflow sin() method\par
Function tf.sin() [alias tf.math.sin] provides support for the sine function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in radian form and the output is in the range [-1, 1]. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, element-wise sine is computed.\par
 Syntax: tf.sin(x, name=None) or tf.math.sin(x, name=None)\par
9.Tensorflow reciprocal() method\par
Function tf.reciprocal() [alias tf.math.reciprocal] provides support to calculate the reciprocal of input in Tensorflow. It expects the input in form of complex numbers as  $a+bi$ , floating point numbers and integers. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, an element-wise reciprocal is computed,  y=1/x .\par
Syntax: tf.reciprocal(x, name=None) or tf.math.reciprocal(x, name=None)\par
10.Tensorflow log1p() method\par
Function tf.log1p() [alias tf.math.log1p] provides support for the natural logarithmic function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in form of complex numbers as $a+bi$ or floating point numbers. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, an element-wise logarithm of 1+x is computed, y=log_e (1+x).\par
 Syntax: tf.log1p(x, name=None) or tf.math.log1p(x, name=None)\par
11.Tensorflow logical_and() method\par
Function tf.logical_and() [alias tf.math.logical_and] provides support for the logical AND function in Tensorflow. It expects the input of bool type. The input types are tensor and if the tensors contains more than one element, an element-wise logical AND is computed,  x AND y.\par
Syntax: tf.logical_and(x, y, name=None) or tf.math.logical_and(x, y, name=None)\par
12.Tensorflow logical_or() method\par
Function tf.logical_or() [alias tf.math.logical_or] provides support for the logical OR function in Tensorflow. It expects the input of bool type. The input types are tensor and if the tensors contains more than one element, an element-wise logical OR is computed,  x OR y .\par
Syntax: tf.logical_or(x, y, name=None) or tf.math.logical_or(x, y, name=None)\par
13.Tensorflow logical_not() method\par
 Function tf.logical_not() [alias tf.math.logical_not or tf.Tensor.__invert__] provides support for the logical NOT function in Tensorflow. It expects the input of bool type. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, an element-wise logical NOT is computed,   NOT x  .\par
Syntax: tf.logical_not(x, name=None) or tf.math.logical_not(x, name=None) or tf.Tensor.__invert__(x, name=None)\par
14.Tensorflow logical_xor() method\par
Function tf.logical_xor() [alias tf.math.logical_xor] provides support for the logical XOR function in Tensorflow. It expects the inputs of bool type. The input types are tensor and if the tensors contains more than one element, an element-wise logical XOR is computed,  x XOR y = (x || y) &&!(x && y) .\par
Syntax: tf.logical_xor(x, y, name=None) or tf.math.logical_xor(x, y, name=None)\par
15.Tensorflow acosh() method\par
Function tf.acosh() [alias tf.math.acosh] provides support for the inverse hyperbolic cosine function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in the range [1, \f1\u8734?\f0 ) and returns nan for any input outside this range. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, element-wise inverse hyperbolic cosine is computed.\par
 Syntax: tf.acosh(x, name=None) or tf.math.acosh(x, name=None)\par
16.Tensorflow\f2  \f0 atanh\f2 () \f0 method\par
Function\f2  \f0 tf\f2 .\f0 atanh\f2 () [\f0 alias\f2  \f0 tf\f2 .\f0 math\f2 .\f0 atanh\f2 ] \f0 provides\f2  \f0 support\f2  \f0 for\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 inverse\f2  \f0 hyperbolic\f2  \f0 tangent\f2  \f0 function\f2  \f0 in\f2  \f0 Tensorflow\f2 . \f0 Its\f2  \f0 domain\f2  \f0 is\f2  \f0 in\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 range\f2  [-\f0 1\f2 , \f0 1\f2 ] \f0 and\f2  \f0 it\f2  \f0 returns\f2  \f0 nan\f2  \f0 for\f2  \f0 any\f2  \f0 input\f2  \f0 outside\f2  \f0 this\f2  \f0 range\f2 . \f0 The\f2  \f0 input\f2  \f0 type\f2  \f0 is\f2  \f0 tensor\f2  \f0 and\f2  \f0 if\f2  \f0 the\f2  \f0 input\f2  \f0 contains\f2  \f0 more\f2  \f0 than\f2  \f0 one\f2  \f0 element\f2 , \f0 element\f2 -\f0 wise\f2  \f0 inverse\f2  \f0 hyperbolic\f2  \f0 tangent\f2  \f0 is\f2  \f0 computed\f2 .\f0\par
Syntax\f2 : \f0 tf\f2 .\f0 atanh\f2 (\f0 x\f2 , \f0 name\f2 =\f0 None\f2 ) \f0 or\f2  \f0 tf\f2 .\f0 math\f2 .\f0 atanh\f2 (\f0 x\f2 , \f0 name\f2 =\f0 None\f2 )\par
\f0 17.Tensorflow acosh() method\par
Function tf.acosh() [alias tf.math.acosh] provides support for the inverse hyperbolic cosine function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in the range [1, \u8734?) and returns nan for any input outside this range. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, element-wise inverse hyperbolic cosine is computed.\par
 Syntax: tf.acosh(x, name=None) or tf.math.acosh(x, name=None)\par
18.Tensorflow abs() method\par
Function tf.abs() [alias tf.math.abs] provides support for the absolute function in Tensorflow. It expects the input in form of complex numbers as  a+bi  or floating point numbers. The input type is tensor and if the input contains more than one element, an element-wise absolute value is computed.\par
Syntax: tf.abs(x, name=None) or tf.math.abs(x, name=None)\par
\par
\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 KERAS:\par
Keras is an open-source deep learning framework that provides a high-level API for building and training neural networks. It is designed to be user-friendly, modular, and extensible. Keras was initially developed as a standalone library but was later integrated into TensorFlow as the official high-level API.\par
Methods in Keras:\par
Model Creation:\par
keras.models.Sequential: Creates a sequential model where layers are stacked sequentially.\par
keras.models.Model: Allows the creation of complex models with shared layers or multiple inputs/outputs.\par
Layers:\par
keras.layers.Dense: Fully connected (dense) layer.\par
keras.layers.Conv2D: 2D convolutional layer.\par
keras.layers.MaxPooling2D: 2D max pooling layer.\par
keras.layers.Dropout: Dropout layer for regularization.\par
keras.layers.Embedding: Embedding layer for handling text or categorical data.\par
\par
Activation Functions:\par
keras.activations.relu: Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) activation function.\par
keras.activations.sigmoid: Sigmoid activation function.\par
keras.activations.softmax: Softmax activation function.\par
keras.activations.tanh: Hyperbolic tangent activation function.\par
\par
Optimizers:\par
keras.optimizers.SGD: Stochastic Gradient Descent optimizer.\par
keras.optimizers.Adam: Adam optimizer.\par
keras.optimizers.RMSprop: RMSprop optimizer.\par
\par
Loss Functions:\par
keras.losses.mean_squared_error: Mean Squared Error (MSE) loss.\par
keras.losses.categorical_crossentropy: Categorical Crossentropy loss.\par
keras.losses.binary_crossentropy: Binary Crossentropy loss.\par
\par
Metrics:\par
keras.metrics.accuracy: Accuracy metric.\par
keras.metrics.precision: Precision metric.\par
keras.metrics.recall: Recall metric.\par
keras.metrics.mean_squared_error: Mean Squared Error metric.\par
\par
Training:\par
model.compile: Configures the model for training, specifying the optimizer, loss function, and metrics.\par
model.fit: Trains the model on training data.\par
model.evaluate: Evaluates the model on test data.\par
model.predict: Generates predictions for new data.\par
\par
Callbacks:\par
keras.callbacks.ModelCheckpoint: Saves the model during training based on specific conditions.\par
keras.callbacks.EarlyStopping: Stops training early based on a monitored metric.\par
keras.callbacks.TensorBoard: Enables visualization and monitoring of training progress using TensorBoard.\par
\par
\fs28\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
}
 